docs: Breaking changes docs (#1326)
unoplatform/Uno.Themes: doc/themes-breaking-changes.md

Reviewer: Merge this with https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Themes/blob/master/doc/material-migration.md and break it up per major version with further breakdowns of Material/Cupertino (if any)/and general design-agnostic Themes lib changes

---

> uid: Uno.Themes.BreakingChanges

Reviewer: This should be consolidated with the https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Themes/blob/master/doc/material-migration.md page. So, a single Themes Migration page that will contain steps for Material/Cupertino/"design agnostic" migrations per Uno.Themes version

---

# Overview

> The version 5.0.0 of Uno.Themes, introduced breaking changes on Converters, and Control Extensions. If you use one of those items on your project you will need to do some changes in order to keep using it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The version 5.0.0 of Uno.Themes introduced breaking changes on Converters and Control Extensions. If you use one of those items in your project, you will need to do some changes in order to keep using it.
```

## Converter

> All Converters were moved to Uno.Themes library, and the new `namespace` is `Uno.Themes`.

Reviewer: We should have a table of all converters with the old namespace and the new namespace like we do for other breaking change sections [here](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Themes/blob/master/doc/material-migration.md#resources)

Before:

> ```xaml

Reviewer 2: ~~~suggestion
```xml
~~~

<Page xmlns:um="using:Uno.Material">

    <Page.Resources>
        <um:FromNullToValueConverter x:Key="NotNullVisibilityConverter">
    </Page.Resources>
</Page>
```

After:

> ```xaml

Reviewer 2: ~~~suggestion
```xml
~~~

<Page xmlns:ut="using:Uno.Themes">

    <Page.Resources>
        <ut:FromNullToValueConverter x:Key="NotNullVisibilityConverter">
    </Page.Resources>
</Page>
```

## Control Extensions

All Controls Extensions were moved to `Uno.Themes` library, and the new `namespace` is `Uno.Themes`.

Before:

> ```xaml

Reviewer 2: ~~~suggestion
```xml
~~~

<Page xmlns:um="using:Uno.Material">

    <StackPanel>
        <Button Content="OUTLINED"
            Style="{StaticResource MaterialOutlinedButtonStyle}">
            <um:ControlExtensions.Icon>
                <FontIcon Glyph="&#xE946;" />
            </um:ControlExtensions.Icon>
        </Button>
    </StackPanel>
</Page>
```

After:

> ```xaml

Reviewer 2: ~~~suggestion
```xml
~~~

<Page xmlns:ut="using:Uno.Themes">

    <StackPanel>
        <Button Content="OUTLINED"
            Style="{StaticResource MaterialOutlinedButtonStyle}">
            <ut:ControlExtensions.Icon>
                <FontIcon Glyph="&#xE946;" />
            </ut:ControlExtensions.Icon>
        </Button>
    </StackPanel>
</Page>
```

## Conclusion

> With that you should be able to update and get it working again for you app. If you've any other issue during the migration don't hesitate to open an issue on our [repo](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Themes).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With that, you should be able to update and get it working again for your application. If you've any other issues during the migration, don't hesitate to open an issue in [Uno.Themes GitHub repository](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Themes).
```
